doc: add openstack on freebsd 2024q3 report (#420)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2024-07-2024-09/openstack.adoc

In the third quarter of 2024, we continued working on several important tasks.
Our work on porting OpenStack Ironic is still ongoing, with tests now running on arm64 servers.
In this setup, the service node is amd64, and the provisioning node is arm64.
This helps us explore more options for running mixed environments in OpenStack on FreeBSD.

In August, we gave link:https://coscup.org/2024/en/session/CKQC9P[a presentation at COSCUP 2024] to share the project's progress and our experiences.
This helped us get more attention and interest from people in the community.

We also updated some of the OpenStack components, like Keystone, Glance, and Placement, from FreeBSD 14.0-STABLE to FreeBSD 15.0-CURRENT.
This update helps us keep up with the latest changes in FreeBSD, making the project run better.

Another notable item was testing the link:https://cgit.FreeBSD.org/src/commit/?id=1f903953fbf8615bb611db059417177f6cee07bd[bhyve serial console over TCP patch] and using it in the OpenStack workflow.
This brings us closer to stopping the use of the custom socat-manager solution and moving to a built-in serial console solution.

> Although we are still planning to turn the OpenStack manual installation process into FreeBSD ports, there hasn't been much progress yet.

Reviewer: Please avoid contractions.

```suggestion
Although we are still planning to turn the OpenStack manual installation process into FreeBSD ports, there has not been much progress yet.
```

Author: Updated, thank you!
